Samsung Knox Suite is our all-in-one package of enterprise device management services,
bundled into three plans to best fit your business.
The Knox Suite Enterprise Plan, designed for large scale organizations,
provides the widest range of capabilities,
from cross-platform endpoint management and remote troubleshooting,
to comprehensive fleet data analytics, firmware control, and more.
To get started with Samsung Knox Suite,
you'll need to register for an account at samsungknox.com
When you sign-up
you get a 90-day trial license that lets you explore our services on up to 30 devices.
After you sign-in to the Knox Admin Portal,
you can begin using a service by enrolling a device,
which starts the 90-day trial and consumes a license seat
Let's see what happens when we enroll a device into our data analytics service,
Knox Asset Intelligence
Once it's enrolled, we can view data for that device on the dashboard
When you enroll the rest of your device fleet,
Knox Asset Intelligence provides a comprehensive analysis of your fleet's status and health
For details about enrollment, please see our how-to guides
or check out our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Once your devices are enrolled, you can check the licenses page and click on a license.
This shows the services your devices are enrolled in,
and how many devices are active on your Knox Suite Enterprise Plan license.
Note that a single device using multiple services in the bundle
only takes up one seat on your license
Once your trial period ends,
you must purchase a commercial license key in order to continue using our services
To get a commercial license, click Actions and Get a license.
Where you can find Knox license resellers near you to purchase a commercial Knox Suite Enterprise Plan
After you purchase a license, your reseller can add it to your account for you,
or you can enter your license key under Actions to activate it manually.
To explore the other services bundled in the Knox Suite Enterprise Plan,
and to learn more about Knox Suite Plans,
please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!